he achieved success by making goals many goals now he would take that the search
now is to make political goals
tied
it seems like the story of a thing
Enhanced Emperor of the Body The Lion Lost the Reason
my policy
peacock break the routine format allows to make the sign of the cross net
How to know if you enter the lawn
God bless our country.
the promise is still the same
promise victory goals
already from January 1st - he was a councilman for two years
I'm not the only man to invite the spectacular sport split
for the first time to the city council
Which is more or less right?
but if the situation of workers in South Korea
and did not run from the questions
you in politics
for playing more from the left to the right on November 12
she has to
the politician has good account with both left to right and kicks with both
legs in cart
he has to be a full player. thulio was elected by pmdb and is the
party of the director and mayor reelected of goiânia iris rezende o
player was the third most voted in the city with more than 10,000 votes
all for doing everything the same after the nasa the guião
thus
for the time being the consumer
the beds until January 1 will also leave the doors open for the people 110
min
the new village
Thulio at 39 is the captain of the isolated scorer's team of the series b
Let's get tagged
in the match against Barueri
the two teams are disputing
of football
the now team
because the pressure is increasing parts that after their election to the
the entire population increased
Of course he played
if you buy land with evil
the fans know how to score
júlio orchard
Pedro was given
get out front
in the desperation of the fans is the barueri
a positive series to Bahia
william now enters the playing field of politics for the first time
jesualdo to the ego
in fact, the inter-
with the plenary
thulio learns that he has an alderman who also enters into the evil moments of
recreation
we are behind the annual increase awarded to the competitor at your doorstep
currently
is the party that such readjustment the mayor reminded the technician maintain the percentage
of 65%
Expected
in places
day 1
the china by the infraero
in fact the power of high definition
others who have already won
is what the mayor reveals
it's over
mentioned that precedes the first game to vote
the veto of the mayor to the month of December
in the child's version
so it was complicated
as in life the people of murray pockets
so you have to go
starts preventive of it
second game time in the Golden Sierras
until now you have done
in the chest and in the race and in the claw the determination of the team
seated in the technique
now it was the same new village back to Bethlehem
and tie the match with Alecsandro
but soon after basílio country 2 to 1 for the barueri
nephew
anti smoking
today is a responsibility cris fin scenes
at 21 minutes the bic bank alive
penalty for the new village
he catches the ball
on top of the opponent
and pointed out only
chairs category
the staff are made to staff the galleries of the chamber
the people's house the place of collection
this light process
my client I feel an audience more than 20 years the fan attended
the whole political
has more conditions to provide
we can not deny this
and especially this is the wedding day this is my role
do this too
will not retire
promises to reconcile the search for a thousand career goals with the routine of an alderman
each policy to gain the irreverence of someone who has ever lived
in many cities
and just be aware of the transformations of the world as well
Metallica June 15
has 63
when he made that rally side
already trembled
that the United States would have a precedent
I was very happy it shows that it is an example of the much awaited
is that everyone regardless of race color is religion
sooner he knows than in football
on the penalty mark
a ball out is part of the game
between 2 for barueri
citing the new village begins merengue still inspiring in the vacancy in the series to
already in politics
a ball out
can end with the hope that a whole city
the villain had not made our
it's part
to the white clay
a posture that can be a beginner
tell everyone that from the 1st of
of January
This is going to be mine. This is going to be my place of work.
on the battlefield
I expect
together with the people together
with the best goiânia
better than it already is
to judge